---
layout: post
title: Welcome
date: 2121-12-12 12:00:00 +0200
description: 
img: 20220514_104630_Manorbier.jpg
tags: [applied physics, inverse problems, Earth Science] # add tag
---
Thanks for visiting! I'm a physicist trying to understand how our home planet
was formed and how it operates. I'd love to know how to protect this unique gem for as long as possible. 

I am a solver of challenging inverse problems encountered in Earth and enviro nmental sciences. So far I've worked on detecting **hotspots of chemical pollution** in river systems and high‑resolution, **3D wave imaging of magmatic systems** (applicable to a variety of academic, industrial, and medical problems), among others. I firmly believe in reproducible research and open‑source software. 

In 2022 I received a **PhD** in Earth Science (computational geophysics) **from Imperial College London**.  Prior to that, I graduated from the College of Inter-Faculty Individual Studies in Mathematics and Natural Sciences at the University of Warsaw with BSc in physics, BSc in geology and MSc in geophysics. It is been a demanding, but fantastic adventure!

With this website, I aim to attract young people to **honest, curiosity-driven science**. I hope to get across
the fascination for the complexity of the 'physical' (natural) world that drew me to science in the first place.
Please drop me an [email](mailto:kajetan.chrapkiewicz@gmail.com) if you are interested in 
**collaboration, internship, advice, or just have a science-related question**. I am always happy to try and help!


I am always **open to contribute** to environmentally and socially **sustainable projects**.
You can find my short CV as of 2022 [here](https://github.com/kmch/my-CV-single-page/blob/main/CV_KCH_1page.pdf).
